add hex and simulation links (#145)
GSK-Biostatistics/beastt: README.md

> # beastt <a href='https://gsk-biostatistics.github.io/beastt/'><img src="man/figures/beastt-logo.png" align="right" alt = "beastt logo" style="height:139px;"/></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# beastt <a href='https://gsk-biostatistics.github.io/beastt/'><img src="man/figures/beastt_hex.png" align="right" alt = "beastt logo" style="height:139px;"/></a>
```

Reviewer: Please double check that my edit is correct and that I'm not misreading it.

At the moment {beastt} covers borrowing from external control data for
normal, binary, and time to event endpoints. For more information, see
the [vignettes](https://gsk-biostatistics.github.io/beastt/articles/).

> If you are looking to do a simulation for a binary or time to event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are looking to conduct a simulation study for a binary or time-to-event
```

> endpoint, you can use the template cade avaliable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
endpoint, you can use the template code available
```
